RISHI RAMDANI:
Mate, glad I'm not running
position into this print.
ERIC TAO: Harpsichord,
anything granular to watch?
Uh... employment rate?
(CHUCKLES) No shit.
Sorry, I'm looking
at wage growth too.
(PHONE RINGS SOFTLY)
What?
DUNCAN: (OVER PHONE) I've just
spoken to Aubrey at Allerton.
Why did you lie to me?
You're middle office, you
shouldn't be calling clients.
DUNCAN: You made a mistake.
So what the fuck
do you think you're doing?
Fifteen seconds to the print.
It's gonna be soft,
then we're clear.
DUNCAN: No, Harper, you can't
trade your way out of this!
That is unacceptable,
it's reckless.
This is where we are now.
-DUNCAN: Harper!
-HARPER: Just wait.
The announcement's
coming in five.
THEO TUCK:
Big miss on the number.
Plus 120,
versus street at plus 250.
-(INDISTINCT CLAMORING)
-DARA: What did I say?
Told you.
DUNCAN: Okay. Pull up
the trade input loss sheet.
I shouldn't be doing this.
It's already done.
DUNCAN: Execute anywhere
within ten grand
and you might get rid of this.
This move's one-way traffic,
print is soft, I'm running it.
DUNCAN:
Harper, don't fuck around.
Cover that risk now.
-Harper!
-There's a reason
I'm sat here, bear with me.
(PHONE RINGING)
♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
Ivor's buying dollars.
It's fucking Ivor, man!
Storb now, too.
First move's always wrong.
RISHI: Fucking hell, Eric,
Ivor is lighting us up, mate.
ERIC: Of course he is,
he trades with me.
DUNCAN: Harper, I am gonna
come over your hoot
and broadcast this if you
do not execute
-at this level now!
-It'll come back.
-DUNCAN: Fucking punch it!
-Fucking wait!
DUNCAN:
I'm not messing around!
-All good?
-Absolutely, of course.